Evidence, of course I have it
Just before presenting the evidence
I would like to ask Miss Bai
The song you just played
What does orgasm regret want to express?
Of course it's a sad love song
Just like the name he gave this song Zhou
This is endless sadness
You want to break free
But how to break free
Then you got it wrong.
If you don't believe me
You can ask the others present.
Hear the climax of this piece
What does it feel like?
And I heard intense sadness.
Wrapped in a flood of sadness
Tear
Madam, there is a force pushing me
Pull me to live well
What I hear is from sadness
Courage regained in despair
And power
The image that comes to my mind is of last year's illness
Everybody's united.
I am also a picture of despair and well-being
Aviation is right in front of me
That is a war without gunpowder smoke
Exactly.
Last year's hell
Lost countless families
Makes countless people envious and sad
And that's how I created my vision.
Hope for the power of music
Can bring them warm hope
I wish you all the best
people's well-being
Everyone understands music differently
You can't because of this
Just say I copied you
You have replaced my eyes
Enjoyed 20 years of glory and wealth
My parents finally found me who was wandering outside
You just don't accept it.
That's why you keep targeting me
You dislike the poverty of your original family.
I want to stay reserved
So I go out with a different man every day.
I am your sister
I tried my best to persuade you over and over again, but you didn't listen.
He's been targeting me and my fiancé
It was originally thought that we were a rich and prosperous lady
You actually slandered me